cloud: support generating endpoints automatically (#14244)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/data-service-response-and-status-code.md

## Response

Data Service returns an HTTP response with a JSON body.

> **Note:**
>

> > When you call an endpoint with multiple SQL statements, Data Service can execute the statements one by one, but it only returns the HTTP response of the last statement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> When you call an endpoint with multiple SQL statements, Data Service executes the statements one by one, but it only returns the execution result of the last statement in the HTTP response.
```

- `data`: _object_. The execution results, which include three parts:

    - `columns`: _array_. Schema information for the returned fields.

>     - `rows`: _array_. The returned results in `key:value` format. If **Batch** is enabled for an endpoint, the returned results of the endpoint also include the `"message"` and `"success"` fields for each row to indicate the response and status of that row.

Reviewer 2: If **Batch operation** is enabled for an endpoint, the returned results of the endpoint will also include the `"message"` and `"success"` fields for each row to indicate their response and status.

>     - `rows`: _array_. The returned results in `key:value` format. If **Batch** is enabled for an endpoint, the returned results of the endpoint also include the `"message"` and `"success"` fields for each row to indicate the response and status of that row.

Author: ```suggestion
    - `rows`: _array_. The returned results in `key:value` format. If **Batch operation** is enabled for an endpoint, the returned results of the endpoint will also include the `"message"` and `"success"` fields for each row to indicate their response and status.
```

    - `columns`: _array_. Schema information for the returned fields.
    - `rows`: _array_. The returned results in `key:value` format.

        - When **Batch Operation** is enabled for an endpoint, the returned results of the endpoint will also include the `"message"` and `"success"` fields for each row to indicate their response and status.

>         - When **Batch Operation** is enabled for an endpoint and the primary key column of the target table is configured as `auto_increment`, the returned results of the endpoint will also include the `"auto_increment_id"` field for each row.

Author: ```suggestion
        - For an endpoint whose target table has the primary key column configured as `auto_increment` and the last SQL statement is an `INSERT` operation, when **Batch Operation** is enabled, the returned results will also include the `"auto_increment_id"` field for each row.
```

>         - When **Batch Operation** is enabled for an endpoint and the primary key column of the target table is configured as `auto_increment`, the returned results of the endpoint will also include the `"auto_increment_id"` field for each row.

Author: ```suggestion
        - When **Batch Operation** is enabled for an endpoint and the primary key column of the target table is configured as `auto_increment`, the returned results of the endpoint will also include the `"auto_increment_id"` field for each row. The value of this field is the auto increment ID for an `INSERT` operation and is `null` for an `UPDATE` or `DELETE` operation.
```

>         - When **Batch Operation** is enabled for an endpoint and the primary key column of the target table is configured as `auto_increment`, the returned results of the endpoint will also include the `"auto_increment_id"` field for each row. The value of this field is the auto increment ID for an `INSERT` operation and is `null` for an `UPDATE` or `DELETE` operation.

Reviewer 3: 除了 insert 其他type为null

>         - When **Batch Operation** is enabled for an endpoint and the primary key column of the target table is configured as `auto_increment`, the returned results of the endpoint will also include the `"auto_increment_id"` field for each row. The value of this field is the auto increment ID for an `INSERT` operation and is `null` for an `UPDATE` or `DELETE` operation.

Author: ```suggestion
        - When **Batch Operation** is enabled for an endpoint and the primary key column of the target table is configured as `auto_increment`, the returned results of the endpoint will also include the `"auto_increment_id"` field for each row. The value of this field is the auto increment ID for an `INSERT` operation and is `null` for other operations such as `UPDATE` and `DELETE`.
```

```json
{
    "type": "sql_endpoint",
    "data": {
        "columns": [],
        "rows": [
            {

>                 "auto_increment_id": "270001",

Reviewer 2: I think auto_increment_id field is only populated for an INSERT operation that too only when the primary key column is configured as auto_increment  in the table. 

This is not mentioned in the documentation. Can you please confirm with Hongmeng and add it to the documentation please?

Author: According to Hongmeng, auto_increment_id will be added for response of all batch post/put/delete requests when the primary key column is configured as auto_increment in the table.

Author: updated in https://github.com/pingcap/docs/pull/14244/commits/670cef6ebb7889a41fcd3676a1d7cd78f47df680
